---
layout: post
title: "Energy"
date: 2019-05-25
---

Energy has constantly been surging forth in us; energy that can be used to build the greatest castles, rearrange the highest constellations, and allow the greatest rivers of life spill forth. We feel it in ourselves every day we open our eyes to this world of boundless possibility. Each of us grates against the meshes of what hold us back, waiting for our chance to spring forth into tomorrow. Tomorrow, where we dream of our talents being built to the fullest; or at least, to live with that harmony which comes from being truly ourselves-- the self that doesn't need to prove anything, contrive any image, or live any lie just to win bread for the night's dinner. These are two sides of the same coin, rights which are inalienable from every individual.

Let's stop waiting for the path toward this reality to suddenly materialize before us. We cannot wait for a great leader, tide change, or celestial alignment deign to cut through our strife for us; it was never a cake walk -- the path is first an individual one. As we have voluntarily seeded power away from ourselves and toward central authorities, so have we outsourced accountability away from ourselves and toward these central authorities. Yet, this has always been an illusion. Our accountability has always been toward ourselves to reach our own personal fulfillment, in whatever direction our will leads us. These central authorities in business and in government have been overburdened and cluttered with our expectations, as we have robbed ourselves of the authority to live our own lives and carve our own paths. Let's leave the illusion behind.

Create what you want to create, don't create what you don't want to create. Cleave to what feels right, and dispel that which doesn't. The strength to endure the sufferings from failure, as well as the expectations from success, is within you. As with the inspiration of young children, true inspiration does not come from want of fame, wealth, or ambition. True inspiration comes from the will that can't help but flow forth from you -- when you allow it. Contrivance is merely an acquired form of bondage. 

Casting blame may be sensual to the palate, however it inevitably causes indigestion and colic; in the end, pangs of hunger. Eat from from the fruits of life -- sometimes bitter, sometimes sweet, but always filling. Let's make living life as yourself en vogue. We've seen the consequences of living our lives guided by our own vanity, greed, pride, finger-pointing, hatred, and sophistry. As cracks shine beams of light in a dark room, so too does the splendor of life shine through when your eyes are open.

When you believe it, you will see it. There is no in-vice-versa. A man in the desert who's been blinded by the relentless sun and numbed by the searing heat must first believe there is water, however weary he may be, if he wants to live; lest he resign and spite his fate as oasis finds itself right under his feet. 

The world is ready, waiting for you to get started and carve your path. Liberate yourself and see what's in front of you. Serve yourself and your communities without expectation, and you will find yourself served; your energy, realized.
